{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2. Given the following declaration:\
\
int num;\
int *ptr1;\
int *ptr2;\
double *ptr3;\
\
Mark the following statements as valid or invalid. If a statement is invalid, explain why.\
\
a. ptr1 = ptr2;\
	Valid.\
\
b. num = ptr1;\
	Invalid. Num is an integer and can not be set equal to a pointer variable.\
\
c. ptr3 = ptr1;\
	Valid.\
\
d. *ptr3 = *ptr2;\
	Invalid. *ptr3 and *ptr2 were never created to be dynamic and thus are set to 0 or null.\
\
e. *ptr1 = *ptr2;\
	Invalid. *ptr1 and *ptr2 are only pointers and not dynamic so they can not be dereferenced and set equal to one another.\
\
f. num = *ptr2;\
	Invalid. Dereferencing *ptr2 before it is set to be dynamic is not giving an int.\
\
g. ptr1 = &ptr2;\
	Invalid. There is no need to get the address of ptr2 in order to set ptr1 to it since they are both currently pointer variables.\
\
h. ptr1 = &num;\
	Valid.\
\
i. num = &ptr1;\
	Invalid. You can not set an integer to an address.\
\
4. Consider the following statement:\
	int* p, q;\
This statement could lead to what type of misinterpretation>\
\
	This could lead to the misinterpretation of both p and q being pointers when in actuality only p is a pointer.\
\
6. What is the output of the following C++ code?\
\
int x;\
int y;\
int *p = &x;\
int *q = &y;\
x = 35;\
y = 46;\
p = q;\
*p = 27;\
cout << x << \'93 \'94 << y << endl;\
cout << *p << \'93 \'94 << *q << endl;\
\
	Answer:\
35 27\
27 27\
\
14. What is wrong with the following C++ code?\
\
double *deposit;\

\b double *intRate;
\b0 \
double interest;\
\
deposit = new double;\
*deposit = 25000;\
\
interest = (*deposit) * (*intRate);\
\
cout << interest << endl;\
\
	Answer:\
*intRate was never initialized as a double.\
\
16. What is the output of the following C++ code?\
\
int *p;\
int *q = new int;\
p = q;\
*q = 75;\
delete p;\
p = new int;\
*p = 62;\
q = new int;\
q = p;\
*q = 26;\
cout << *p << \'93 \'94 << *q << endl;\
\
	Answer:\
26 26}